# Standup 2020-06-30
Attendees: Ryan, Cody, Carlos, Austin, Briggs, Andy


## Student Submissions

* Assume it's coming along as fast as Kevin can do.
* Waiting for Ada?
* Don't know where we are

## Rails Course

* Currently adding RSpec tests to the course. Still to do are a seperate websockets / actioncable lesson in TOP complete with project and then the rails course content for action cable can be finished and we have a release candidate.

## Live Coding

* No immediate updates, but will plan something for this weekend.

##  Approval Process

* Done for now
* Leave as is until it's not maintainable

## Privacy Policy

* Austin to update
* Thinkful sent us their Privacy Policy, TOP just needs to add it maybe?

# Action Items Follow Up

* HTML/CSS: No progress

# New Items

## Voting
* Official Documentation for Maintainer requirements. A separate channel inside or bot inside of discord for voting?
* Core team to only suggest additional members?
* Poll added to discord, create new voting channel and discussion channel

## Debugging Repl.it
* Carlos to add short "debugging" exercises to add to Learning Outcomes.
* Repl.it or Github Classrooms (?)


# Action Items

- [ ] Andy: Add poll functionality to Github to record Votes of new maintainers. Private repository for anything that needs a vote.
- [ ] Carlos: Look into debugging exercises formats and platform

