# Standup Meeting

Date: 2020-05-12

Attendees: Austin, Ryan, Leo, Briggs, Carlos, Andy, Rob, Kevin

## From last week:

* Student Submissions 
  * We're close!

* Rails course stuff
  * Briggs will discuss with Austin Later

* Docs/onboarding for maintainers. new maintainers?
  * Language has been updated to describe roles
  * Additional documentation needed to demote users
  * Commit quanity shouldn't be the only consideration - Ideas, Commit quality, etc. are also valid and have been included in the documentation.

* Live coding schedule/organization
  * No updates on calendar.
  * Leo working on setting up a code review of a JS project
  * Shared calendar will be created this week. Link posted in #core-team
  * Ask "The Cool Zach" for information on video recording software.

* Proposal approval process (issue with voting comment)
  * Some stirring after thumbs up/down on Github comments.
  * Need to figure out a real process for this
  * Suggestion: Everyone needs to vote, then 2/3+ of core team must agree to continue
  * Need to implement notification system - bot command?

* Moving track choice
  * Idea: No track decision until after web dev 101
  * Allows a better understanding of the user's learning path.
  * Implementation details will need to be determined. Reach out to Ada for design. Needs to be scalable.

## Highlights

* WSL has been removed
* Virtualbox instructions have been updated to include screenshots and better instructions.
* Automatic Points Club channel
* Pair Programming is being removed

## New Stuff

* Working Groups for HTML/CSS
  * Discussions still in progress.
  * Need to determine best place to communicate

* Weekly meetings
  * Rotate schedule?
  * Expand meeting invite to core team?
  * No recording

* Implement discussion leaders so they can update everyone during meetings
