Attendees: James, Kevin, Sully, Marvin, Cody; late attendees Briggs, Oreo

Some pre-notes from James:
Notion Link on braindump: https://frequent-soybean-557.notion.site/Observations-Ideas-d832d283752f4004b89f6e0aa3ef9041
People > process, so it's not about tools.
Can't half ass it. Trying something different after giving up for a while is not iterating on experience. 

Need an ok from people to be checked in with.

Focus on increasing transparency.

---

Minutes:

- We discussed about the painpoints around Discord, specifically that it is not good for discussing an idea/decision that should be kept for posterity. Discord becomes very noisy and it is tough to reference back. The group felt that we should give Github Discussions another shot since it will allow us to continue keeping things in Github, allow for transparency, and to supplement we will create temporary Discord channels to keep discussions on point.
    - **Action items**:
        - [ ]  **James** will work on creating a space for discussions and outlining suggestions on how those should be organized. Kevin already granted permissions to remove that roadblock.
        - [ ]  **Cody** and **Kevin** volunteered with creating the channels once we figure out which ones we need.

        ---

- We discussed that currently we don't have a good funnel of ideas and we don't have a way to keep those ideas somewhere to reference later. We also discussed that a voting system on what should be worked on for TOP needs to be solidified.
    - Additionally, we spoke about that although it is nice to work on stuff that someone is passionate about, there are also things that might not be sexy, but still need to be done, and we need to prioritize those accordingly.
    - **Action Items:**
        - [ ] **James** is going to suggest a flow for Github Projects where we can start doing some prioritization, and projectize some of those initiatives.
        - [ ] **<Unassigned>** - Github Projects might not be the perfect tool for this, or it might be. Would be nice to brainstorm some ways to have a voting system that includes the community as well.
        - [ ] **<Unassigned>** - How do we prioritize a decision and how many people need to attend/vote/share opinion (core/maintainers).

        ---

- HTML/CSS course seems like the prime candidate to try out using GP more actively, and building out some touch point cadence around it.
    - **Action Items:**
        - [ ] **James** to start working on organizing this and suggesting a lightweight process around it.
        - [ ] **James + Volunteers** to start breaking down the course into actionable small pieces and creating stories/tickets in GP.
